---
title: 2024-06-18
draft: false
tags: 
publish: true
---

# Roster
[[Kimiko]]
[[Capella]]
[[Elara]]
[[Poll]]

## Absent

# Session Overview

The session begins with the party at the Cathedral having just been hired by [[Father Zantus]].

There is indeed a tunnel carved through the ground beneath the coffin, about 4ft wide / high and propped up with scavenged wood.  We progress deeper!

Capella falls down a unseen slope and careens into Larry's back, taking a hefty amount of damage.  Larry is unharmed.  Poll follows swiftly after, but Capella cushions the fall and she takes less damage.  Kimiko attempts to use [[Kurogane]] to steady his descent, but fails and bangs his head on a rock.  Even Elara fluffs the landing and turns an ankle.

It has not, everyone agreed, been our finest hour.

There follows a discussion on if the party should allow Poll to heal them by blowing everyone up.  No one but Poll follows the logic of this.

Suddenly there are noises up ahead and fight begins!  It's Goblin Ghouls, Poll was right.  This raises serious epistemological questions.  Kurogane moves into the fight and reduces one to chunky salsa before poking another.  Larry takes advantage of its weakened state to finish it off.  Another Goblin Ghoul emerges demanding to know who we are, this one is slightly shinier than the others.  It can cast spells, casing a giant booming noise that deafened anyone on the front line dealing quite a lot of damage.   Elara bowls in, peppering the ghouls with a storm of metal needles.  Capella tumbles into the fray with his cape flowing from his arm, finishing one of the wounded beasts off!

Now the undead goblins counter-attack, starting with trying to take a chunk out of Capella.  We think they may need a good dental plan, but Capella is equal to the task and avoids the beasts blows.  One tries, and fails, to get Larry and then the final remaining Goblin goes for Capella scoring a hard hit.

The fight continues.  Larry mulches another Goblin, wrecking it utterly.  Elara unleashes her witchy powers and brings the various remains on the floor to life, battering at the goblins.  Capella splatters what remains of the goblins brains across the floor, finishing the remaining two off.

Larry gets the final blow, killing the spell casting goblin.